let me do a quick video on blackberries
have one row blackberries closer to the
house that I planted years ago and got
quite a few blackberries off of it last
year but I decided to plant different
kinds as well as a much larger several
rows rows of blackberries that so I can
get a lot more friend of mine told me
there's someone down here in Texas that
he knows and I don't know his name but
he is making two thousand dollars an
acre on blackberries two thousand
dollars an acre so that's a heck of a
cash crop these i bought bare-root
didn't look like much when i put them in
the ground and now it's probably been
who maybe not quite two months and this
particular varieties in arapahoe but
there that one's the 18 inches tall that
was not quite maybe nine or ten inches
tall but a rapaho then i have this is a
rapaho on the other side i have four
rows for 100 foot rose arapahoe on the
other side i have i think it's
pronounced watchit ah qu a kwacha tile
watch at all but in the middle the
middle two rows I planted some new
variety two different varieties that are
prime Akane prime Akane means that they
bear on this year's Cannes floor cane is
what these other of the rapaho it's a
thornless rapa hoses thornless kwacha
Tala thought is a thornless the prime
Akane blackberries are a thorn to
blackberry but you get to crops you get
a spring crop from last year's growth
like a regular floor cane and then you
also get a crop from this year's growth
a fall crop so you get two crops you
destroy the prime Akane this is my first
year to grow up I'm trying to the primer
came but two crops in one kind of caught
my attention and I got these at Simmons
plan
farm I believe it's in Arkansas I was a
little concern there for a while that
some of them wouldn't come up but
walking down the roads every one of them
have come up I need to get in here to
mow again but the reason I've got a
reason everything is so bushy and so
tall my bees are all over this clover
here and i'm waiting for the clover to
head out and die so i can mow it and it
will receive for next year and also
we've got a big standard ryegrass you
probably can see and i want to wait for
that to die and head out so i can mow it
and have rye grass again next year so
that's why it kind of looks a little
shabby and these looks like it needs
mowing I'm coming here in mulch the
blackberries with some hay and then I
will come down through here probably
with my riding mower that swings out to
the side and and which will most them
every time I'm oh I'll go by with the
writing more little B just a line all
the way down a line of mulch of hay but
then as I throw more cut grass on it
from my ride more it will just continue
to mulch continue to be throwing mulch
on it the entire time I have these
things so again prime Akane you might
want to try them I don't know much about
them i'm trying them for the first time
and floor cane is the older type
blackberries this one here is one of the
floor Cannes is to watch atop and but I
have some blooms on that one and that's
a watch atone that's a should not
necessarily be blooming and fruiting in
the spring typically the first year you
plant them all they do is grow and this
that year's growth the first year's
growth is with you're going to get
berries off up next year and do a lot a
lot more searches for people that know a
lot more about blackberries than I do
but floor cane and prime Akane the prime
Akane are the new ones to crops you
might want to check them out and in the
middle this row whenever I get the Kiwi
up to a certain size I will be planning
Hardy Kiwi down this row hundred-foot
row so I'll have four rows of
blackberries
and in the center a tea trellis t-bar
trellis of hardy Kiwi it's a meter and a
not sure the exact quarter quarter full
Cardiff all yah folia is the other one
so anyway that's it there's another one
of my pergolas my archways it's going to
be filled with this one's going to be
filled with vegetable spaghetti at some
point I planted this from seed they have
yet to come up they've only been on
ground for a few days anyway takes us
pepper gone
you